TEXTO ORIGINAL DOC RN 1
Hoiby-N.  Jacobsen-L.  Jorgensen-B-A.  Lykkegaard-E.  Weeke-B. Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in cystic fibrosis.  Occurrence of precipitating antibodies against pseudomonas aeruginosa in relation to the concentration of sixteen serum proteins and the clinical and radiographical status of the lungs. Acta-Paediatr-Scand. 1974 Nov. 63(6). P 843-8. CYSTIC-FIBROSIS: co.  PSEUDOMONAS-AERUGINOSA: im. PSEUDOMONAS-INFECTIONS: co.  RESPIRATORY-TRACT-INFECTIONS: co. ADOLESCENCE.  BLOOD-PROTEINS: me.  CHILD.  CHILD-PRESCHOOL. CYSTIC-FIBROSIS: im, bl.  FEMALE.  HUMAN.  IMMUNOELECTROPHORESIS. IMMUNOGLOBULINS: me.  LUNG: ra.  MALE.  PRECIPITIN-TESTS. PRECIPITINS.  PSEUDOMONAS-INFECTIONS: im, bl, ra. RESPIRATORY-TRACT-INFECTIONS: bl, im, ra.  SERUM-ALBUMIN: me. The significance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in the respiratory tract of 9 cystic fibrosis patients have been studied by means of immunoelectrophoretical analysis of patients' sera for the number of precipitins against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and the concentrations of 16 serum proteins.  In addition, the clinical and radiographical status of the lungs have been evaluated using 2 scoring systems.  Precipitins against Pseudomonas aeruginosa were demonstrated in all sera, the maximum number in one serum was 22. The concentrations of 12 of the serum proteins were significantly changed compared with matched control persons.  Notably IgG and IgA were elevated and the \"acute phase proteins\" were changed, the latter suggesting active tissue damage.  The concentrations of 3 of the acute phase proteins, notably haptoglobin, were correlated to the number of precipitins suggesting that the respiratory tract infection in patients with many precipitins is accompanied by more tissue damage than the infection in patients with few precipitins. The results indicate no protective value of the many precipitins on the tissue of the respiratory tract.


TOKENS SEM PRÉ-PROCESSAMENTO/FILTROS SOLR
Hoiby N Jacobsen L Jorgensen B A Lykkegaard E Weeke B Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in cystic fibrosis Occurrence of precipitating antibodies against pseudomonas aeruginosa in relation to the concentration of sixteen serum proteins and the clinical and radiographical status of the lungs Acta Paediatr Scand 1974 Nov 63 6 P 843 8 CYSTIC FIBROSIS co PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA im PSEUDOMONAS INFECTIONS co RESPIRATORY TRACT INFECTIONS co ADOLESCENCE BLOOD PROTEINS me CHILD CHILD PRESCHOOL CYSTIC FIBROSIS im bl FEMALE HUMAN IMMUNOELECTROPHORESIS IMMUNOGLOBULINS me LUNG ra MALE PRECIPITIN TESTS PRECIPITINS PSEUDOMONAS INFECTIONS im bl ra RESPIRATORY TRACT INFECTIONS bl im ra SERUM ALBUMIN me The significance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in the respiratory tract of 9 cystic fibrosis patients have been studied by means of immunoelectrophoretical analysis of patients sera for the number of precipitins against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and the concentrations of 16 serum proteins In addition the clinical and radiographical status of the lungs have been evaluated using 2 scoring systems Precipitins against Pseudomonas aeruginosa were demonstrated in all sera the maximum number in one serum was 22 The concentrations of 12 of the serum proteins were significantly changed compared with matched control persons Notably IgG and IgA were elevated and the acute phase proteins were changed the latter suggesting active tissue damage The concentrations of 3 of the acute phase proteins notably haptoglobin were correlated to the number of precipitins suggesting that the respiratory tract infection in patients with many precipitins is accompanied by more tissue damage than the infection in patients with few precipitins The results indicate no protective value of the many precipitins on the tissue of the respiratory tract


TOKENS COM FILTROS SOLR
hoibi n jacobsen l jorgensen b lykkegaard e week b pseudomona aeruginosa infect cystic fibrosi occurr precipit antibodi against pseudomona aeruginosa relat concentr sixteen serum protein clinic radiograph statu lung acta paediatr scand 1974 nov 63 6 p 843 8 cystic fibrosi co pseudomona aeruginosa im pseudomona infect co respiratori tract infect co adolesc blood protein me child child preschool cystic fibrosi im bl femal human immunoelectrophoresi immunoglobulin me lung ra male precipitin test precipitin pseudomona infect im bl ra respiratori tract infect bl im ra serum albumin me signific pseudomona aeruginosa infect respiratori tract 9 cystic fibrosi patient have been studi mean immunoelectrophoret analysi patient sera number precipitin against pseudomona aeruginosa concentr 16 serum protein addit clinic radiograph statu lung have been evalu us 2 score system precipitin against pseudomona aeruginosa were demonstr all sera maximum number on serum 22 concentr 12 serum protein were significantli chang compar match control person notabl igg iga were elev acut phase protein were chang latter suggest activ tissu damag concentr 3 acut phase protein notabl haptoglobin were correl number precipitin suggest respiratori tract infect patient mani precipitin accompani more tissu damag than infect patient few precipitin result indic protect valu mani precipitin tissu respiratori tr

TOKENS COM PRÉ-PROCESSAMENTO
hoibi n jacobsen l jorgensen b a lykkegaard e week b pseudomona aeruginosa infect cystic fibrosi occurr precipit antibodi pseudomona aeruginosa relat concentr sixteen serum protein clinic radiograph statu lung acta paediatr scand nov cystic fibrosi co pseudomona aeruginosa im pseudomona infect co respiratori tract infect co adolesc blood protein me child child preschool cystic fibrosi im bl femal human immunoelectrophoresi immunoglobulin me lung ra male precipitin test precipitin pseudomona infect im bl ra respiratori tract infect bl im ra serum albumin me signific pseudomona aeruginosa infect respiratori tract cystic fibrosi patient studi mean immunoelectrophoret analysi patient number precipitin pseudomona aeruginosa concentr serum protein addit clinic radiograph statu lung evalu score system precipitin pseudomona aeruginosa demonstr sera maximum number serum concentr serum protein significantli chang compar match control person notabl igg iga elev acut phase protein chang suggest activ tissu damag concentr acut phase protein notabl haptoglobin correl number precipitin suggest respiratori tract infect patient precipitin accompani tissu damag infect patient precipitin indic protect valu precipitin tissu respiratori tract


#Conclusão

O módulo de pré-processamento utiliza uma lista de stopwords bem maior do que a lista padrão dos filtros do Solr (750 x 33), portanto é muito provável que o melhor resultado recuperado utilizando o módulo de pré-processamento se deve a este fator. Pois, removendo mais termos que não importam para as consultas resulta em menos termos para a máquina de busca indexar, e assim a máquina de busca consegue atingir resultados melhores para essas consultas.




